CLiki2 is the Common Lisp wiki web application behind
http://www.cliki.net

All CLiki2 dependencies are available via Quicklisp. The fastest way
to install CLiki2 is to: (ql:quickload :cliki2)

CLiki2 expects to use /home/cliki2/ as a data directory to store wiki
contents and logs. This can be modified by editing the file
src/config.lisp. The Common Lisp HyperSpec (for symbol links in wiki
pages) needs to be in the folder HyperSpec/ under the data directory,
and the symbol table at HyperSpec/Data/Symbol-Table.text (customizable
in src/config.lisp).

To start CLiki2 two functions are provided: start-cliki-server and
load-cliki-store. The starting steps are split up into two to assist
in daemonizing the CLiki2 server (see start-daemon.lisp for an
example).

By default, CLiki2 starts a web server on port 8080. To specify the
port, put the port number as the first line in the file named "port"
in the data directory.

For SBCL running on Unix only, the :cliki-daemon system is provided to
conveniently daemonize a CLiki2 process. It depends on cl-daemonize
(https://github.com/mishoo/cl-daemonize), runs SWANK on port 4010, and
expects to setuid/gid to user and group named cliki2.

The CLiki2 source repository is at http://github.com/vsedach/cliki2

CLiki2 is written by Andrey Mosktivin <archimag@gmail.com> and
Vladimir Sedach <vsedach@gmail.com>. Vladimir Sedach is the current
maintainer. To report bugs, open an issue on github
(http://github.com/vsedach/cliki2 XXXX) or email Vladimir Sedach
<vsedach@gmail.com>.

CLiki2 is distributed under the Affero GPL version 3. Details are in
the file LICENSE.
